[Rough Draft] Document Relay Resolvers (#4547)
facebook/relay: website/docs/api-reference/relay-resolvers/defining-fields.md

---
id: defining-fields
title: "Defining Fields"
slug: /api-reference/relay-resolvers/defining-fields/
description: How to define fields for your client state schema using Relay Resolvers
---

Defining fields on a client type is as simple as defining a resolver function which accepts an instance of your model type [TODO link] as its first argument and returns the field value. Note that the exported function name must match the field name.

## Syntax

> When defining a field string after `@RelayResolver` is a GraphQL `TypeName` followed by a dot followed by the field

Reviewer: Nit - Suggestion for clarity (IMO)
```suggestion

Relay resolvers are marked via docblocks above a resolver function.
`@RelayResolver` is the tag to indicate the start of any relay resolver definition.
To define a field, add a GraphQL `TypeName` followed by a dot followed by the field
```
